This directory contains a package for rapidly evaluating solutions of Jacobi's
differential equation, computing Gauss-Jacobi quadrature rules and applying the
Jacobi transform and its inverse.

It is mostly self contained, but the code for applying the Jacobi transform
(which is contained in the file jacobi_transform.f90) uses an external library
to apply the fast Fourier transform.  As written, it can use either the FFTW3
library or Paul Swartztrauber's FFTPACK library.  There is a compile time flag in
jacobi_transform.f90 which determines which package is used.  Owing to its generous
licensning scheme, the source code for FFTPACK is included with this package
(in the dfftpack directory) and is the default choice.

The algorithms implemented here are described in the preprint

    James Bremer and Haizhao Yang,  "Fast algorithms for Jacobi polynomials 
    via nonoscillatory phase functions."  arxiv:?????.???

The following files comprise the package.  Most of them have an associated test code
which can be compiled and executed using the included makefile.
        
1.  The files gspiv.f and orthom.f contain Fortran 77 codes written by Vladimir
Rokhlin for performing pivoted Gram-Schmidt with reorthogonalization and for inverting 
square matrices, respectively.

2.  The file utils.f90 contains small utility codes for printing, sorting and the like.

3.  The file idecomp.f90 contains code for producing interpolative decompositions.

4.  The file chebyshev.f90 contains code for representing functions via piecewise Chebyshev
expansions.

5.  The file jacobi_asym.f90 contains code for evaluating Jacobi polynomials and the 
related amplitude function using various asymptotic expansions.

6.  The file jacobi_taylor.f90 contains code for evaluating the Jacobi functions of
the first and second kinds of relatively small orders via series expansions.

7.  The file jacobi_phase.f90 contains code for numerically calculating the nonoscillatory 
phase functions representing the solutions of Jacobi's differential equation.

8.  The file jacobi_quad.f90 contains code for rapidly constructing Jacobi quadrature
rules.

9.  The file jacobi_exp.f90 contains code for constructing expansions of the phase
functions for Jacobi's differential equation which vary with degree as well as with
the argument.  

10.  The file jacobi_transform.f90 contains code for rapidly applying the Jacobi
transform and its inverse given an expansion produced by the jacobi_exp code.


11.  The files jacobi_experiments.f90 contain code for performing the numerical
experiments described in the preprint mentioned above.  In particular, this code
produces the LaTeX source for all of the tables which appear in that manuscript.
